website/solutions/aeo-geo/index.md, before:

---
title: AEO & GEO | Answer Engine & Generative Engine Optimization | Marketing Boutique
description: Optimize your brand for AI search—be cited by ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google AI Overviews. Entity authority and citation engineering.
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/services/aeo-geo/#service"
      name: "AEO & GEO Services"
      serviceType: "Answer Engine Optimization"
      description: "Optimize your brand for AI search—be cited by ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google AI Overviews. Entity authority and citation engineering."
      provider:
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        "@type": "Organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      areaServed:
        "@type": "Country"
        name: "United States"
      audience:
        "@type": "BusinessAudience"
        audienceType: "B2B SaaS Startups"
      hasOfferCatalog:
        "@type": "OfferCatalog"
        name: "AEO & GEO Services"
        itemListElement:
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Entity Authority Construction"
              description: "Knowledge Graph establishment and verification"
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Citation Engineering"
              description: "Strategic placement in authoritative sources cited by LLMs"
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Technical Machine Readability"
              description: "Optimizing code and content structure for AI crawlers"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What is answer engine optimization?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Answer Engine Optimization (AEO) is the process of optimizing content to be cited directly by AI-driven search engines like ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google's AI Overviews, focusing on direct answers and structured data."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "Is AEO replacing SEO?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "No, AEO is an evolution of SEO. Traditional SEO (rankings, traffic) remains important for navigational queries, while AEO captures the growing volume of informational queries answered directly by AI."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "How do you optimize for AI search?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "optimization involves three pillars: Entity Authority (Knowledge Graph presence), Information Gain (proprietary data/insights), and Technical Machine Readability (schema, llms.txt, semantic HTML)."
---

# AEO & GEO: Dominate AI Search

**If the AI Doesn't Cite You, You Don't Exist.**

The mechanism of information retrieval is shifting. Buyers no longer browse ten blue links—they ask questions and receive synthesized answers. ChatGPT, Perplexity, Google AI Overviews, and SearchGPT are the new gatekeepers. If your brand is not in their citation list, you are invisible to the modern buyer.

Marketing Boutique specializes in **Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)** and **Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)**—the discipline of ensuring your brand is cited when AI answers questions in your category.

---

## The Paradigm Shift: From Traffic to Citation

| Feature | Traditional SEO (2010-2024) | Generative Authority (2025+) |
|---------|----------------------------|------------------------------|
| **Primary Metric** | Organic Traffic / CTR | Share of Model / Citation Frequency |
| **Optimization Target** | Keywords & Backlinks | Entities & Information Gain |
| **User Behavior** | Navigation (Searching for links) | Interrogation (Asking for answers) |
| **Content Strategy** | Long-form "Ultimate Guides" | Structured Data & Proprietary Facts |
| **Trust Signal** | Domain Authority (DA) | E-E-A-T & Verification |

**The implication:** Visibility is no longer about traffic; it is about **inclusion**. If a startup is not cited by the AI as a solution to a problem, it effectively does not exist in the consideration set.

---

## AEO vs. GEO: Understanding the Difference

### Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)
AEO focuses on structuring content to provide direct answers to user queries. The goal is to capture the "zero-click" search result—the Featured Snippet or AI Overview that answers the question without requiring a click.

**AEO Tactics:**
- Q&A block formatting optimized for NLP extraction.
- Direct answer sentences (40-60 words) at the top of content.
- FAQ schema markup for structured data extraction.

### Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)
GEO is about ensuring your brand is cited by Large Language Models when they synthesize answers. This requires building "Entity Authority"—establishing your brand as a trusted node in the AI's knowledge graph.

**GEO Tactics:**
- Knowledge Graph presence (Wikidata, Crunchbase, Google Knowledge Panel).
- Citation engineering—placement on high-authority sites that LLMs trust.
- Technical machine readability (llms.txt, semantic HTML, Markdown tables).

---

## Our AEO & GEO Services

### [1. Entity Authority Package](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/)
We establish your company as a **Knowledge Graph entity**.

**What We Build:**
- **Wikidata Entry:** The foundation of AI visibility. We create and verify your entry.
- **Knowledge Panel Claiming:** Verification with Google to display your official information.
- **Semantic Disambiguation:** Using "SameAs" schema to tell crawlers your website is the same entity as your LinkedIn, G2, and Crunchbase profiles.

### [2. Citation Engineering](/solutions/aeo-geo/ai-search/)
We ensure you appear in the sources that LLMs trust.

**What We Build:**
- **Strategic PR Placement:** Mentions in high-authority publications (.edu domains, industry journals).
- **Third-Party Validation:** G2, Clutch, Capterra profiles optimized for AI retrieval.
- **Brand Association Content:** "Acme AI vs. Competitor" pages that train the model to associate you with market leaders.

### [3. Technical Machine Readability](/solutions/aeo-geo/technical-seo/)
Your website must be optimized for the AI crawler.

**What We Build:**
- **llms.txt Implementation:** A file that guides AI crawlers to your most important content.
- **Semantic HTML Structure:** Proper use of `<article>`, `<section>`, `<table>` tags.
- **Markdown Table Formatting:** LLMs extract data efficiently from tabular formats.
- **Context Windows Optimization:** Breaking content into semantically complete "chunks."

### 4. Topical Authority Clustering
We build content architectures that signal category expertise.

**What We Build:**
- **Hub-and-Spoke Content:** A central "Pillar Page" linked to 20+ supporting articles.
- **Internal Linking Architecture:** Strategic link flow that concentrates authority.
- **Comparison Table Engineering:** Detailed Markdown tables comparing you to competitors.

---

## Key Metrics for AEO & GEO

| Metric | What It Measures | Why It Matters |
|--------|------------------|----------------|
| **Share of Model** | How often you appear in AI-generated answers. | Direct measure of AI visibility. |
| **Citation Frequency** | Number of times cited across AI platforms. | Indicates entity authority strength. |
| **Knowledge Panel Status** | Whether your Knowledge Panel is active and claimed. | Trust signal for AI and users. |
| **Featured Snippet Ownership** | % of target queries where you own the snippet. | Captures zero-click traffic. |

---

## The Information Gain Protocol

Research indicates that **Information Gain**—the provision of new, non-redundant information—is a critical ranking factor for Google and a selection criterion for LLMs.

**Our Approach:**
- **Original Research Studies:** We help you conduct and publish surveys, benchmarks, and proprietary data.
- **Technical Documentation:** Engineering logs, architectural decisions, and detailed how-tos.
- **First-Party Data:** Unique insights from your product usage that no competitor can replicate.

When an LLM searches for "2026 AI adoption stats," it will cite the **primary source**. We make you that source.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is answer engine optimization?
Answer Engine Optimization (AEO) is the process of optimizing content to be cited directly by AI-driven search engines like ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google's AI Overviews, focusing on direct answers and structured data.

### Is AEO replacing SEO?
No, AEO is an evolution of SEO. Traditional SEO (rankings, traffic) remains important for navigational queries, while AEO captures the growing volume of informational queries answered directly by AI.

### How do you optimize for AI search?
Optimization involves three pillars: Entity Authority (Knowledge Graph presence), Information Gain (proprietary data/insights), and Technical Machine Readability (schema, llms.txt, semantic HTML).

---

---

[**Request a GEO Audit →**](/contact/)

Commit message:

feat: update titles, descriptions, keywords, and schema across various solution pages for improved SEO and clarity.

website/solutions/aeo-geo/index.md, after:

---
title: AEO Agency & GEO Services | AI SEO Services | Marketing Boutique
description: The premier AEO Agency for B2B. We provide AI SEO services to help you be cited by ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google AI Overviews.
keywords: [aeo agency, aeo marketing agency, best aeo agency, ai seo services]
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/services/aeo-geo/#service"
      name: "AEO Agency Services"
      serviceType: "AEO Marketing Agency"
      description: "The premier AEO Agency for B2B. We provide AI SEO services to help you be cited by ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google AI Overviews."
      provider:
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        "@type": "Organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      areaServed:
        "@type": "Country"
        name: "United States"
      audience:
        "@type": "BusinessAudience"
        audienceType: "B2B SaaS Startups"
      hasOfferCatalog:
        "@type": "OfferCatalog"
        name: "AEO & GEO Services"
        itemListElement:
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Entity Authority Construction"
              description: "Knowledge Graph establishment and verification"
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Citation Engineering"
              description: "Strategic placement in authoritative sources cited by LLMs"
          - "@type": "Offer"
            itemOffered:
              "@type": "Service"
              name: "Technical Machine Readability"
              description: "Optimizing code and content structure for AI crawlers"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What is answer engine optimization?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Answer Engine Optimization (AEO) is the process of optimizing content to be cited directly by AI-driven search engines like ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google's AI Overviews, focusing on direct answers and structured data."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "Is AEO replacing SEO?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "No, AEO is an evolution of SEO. Traditional SEO (rankings, traffic) remains important for navigational queries, while AEO captures the growing volume of informational queries answered directly by AI."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "How do you optimize for AI search?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "optimization involves three pillars: Entity Authority (Knowledge Graph presence), Information Gain (proprietary data/insights), and Technical Machine Readability (schema, llms.txt, semantic HTML)."
---

# AEO & GEO: Dominate AI Search

**If the AI Doesn't Cite You, You Don't Exist.**

The mechanism of information retrieval is shifting. Buyers no longer browse ten blue links—they ask questions and receive synthesized answers. ChatGPT, Perplexity, Google AI Overviews, and SearchGPT are the new gatekeepers. If your brand is not in their citation list, you are invisible to the modern buyer.

Marketing Boutique specializes in **Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)** and **Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)**—the discipline of ensuring your brand is cited when AI answers questions in your category.

---

## The Paradigm Shift: From Traffic to Citation

| Feature | Traditional SEO (2010-2024) | Generative Authority (2025+) |
|---------|----------------------------|------------------------------|
| **Primary Metric** | Organic Traffic / CTR | Share of Model / Citation Frequency |
| **Optimization Target** | Keywords & Backlinks | Entities & Information Gain |
| **User Behavior** | Navigation (Searching for links) | Interrogation (Asking for answers) |
| **Content Strategy** | Long-form "Ultimate Guides" | Structured Data & Proprietary Facts |
| **Trust Signal** | Domain Authority (DA) | E-E-A-T & Verification |

**The implication:** Visibility is no longer about traffic; it is about **inclusion**. If a startup is not cited by the AI as a solution to a problem, it effectively does not exist in the consideration set.

---

## AEO vs. GEO: Understanding the Difference

### Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)
AEO focuses on structuring content to provide direct answers to user queries. The goal is to capture the "zero-click" search result—the Featured Snippet or AI Overview that answers the question without requiring a click.

**AEO Tactics:**
- Q&A block formatting optimized for NLP extraction.
- Direct answer sentences (40-60 words) at the top of content.
- FAQ schema markup for structured data extraction.

### Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)
GEO is about ensuring your brand is cited by Large Language Models when they synthesize answers. This requires building "Entity Authority"—establishing your brand as a trusted node in the AI's knowledge graph.

**GEO Tactics:**
- Knowledge Graph presence (Wikidata, Crunchbase, Google Knowledge Panel).
- Citation engineering—placement on high-authority sites that LLMs trust.
- Technical machine readability (llms.txt, semantic HTML, Markdown tables).

---

## Our AEO & GEO Services

### [1. Entity Authority Package](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/)
We establish your company as a **Knowledge Graph entity**.

**What We Build:**
- **Wikidata Entry:** The foundation of AI visibility. We create and verify your entry.
- **Knowledge Panel Claiming:** Verification with Google to display your official information.
- **Semantic Disambiguation:** Using "SameAs" schema to tell crawlers your website is the same entity as your LinkedIn, G2, and Crunchbase profiles.

### [2. Citation Engineering](/solutions/aeo-geo/ai-search/)
We ensure you appear in the sources that LLMs trust.

**What We Build:**
- **Strategic PR Placement:** Mentions in high-authority publications (.edu domains, industry journals).
- **Third-Party Validation:** G2, Clutch, Capterra profiles optimized for AI retrieval.
- **Brand Association Content:** "Acme AI vs. Competitor" pages that train the model to associate you with market leaders.

### [3. Technical Machine Readability](/solutions/aeo-geo/technical-seo/)
Your website must be optimized for the AI crawler.

**What We Build:**
- **llms.txt Implementation:** A file that guides AI crawlers to your most important content.
- **Semantic HTML Structure:** Proper use of `<article>`, `<section>`, `<table>` tags.
- **Markdown Table Formatting:** LLMs extract data efficiently from tabular formats.
- **Context Windows Optimization:** Breaking content into semantically complete "chunks."

### 4. Topical Authority Clustering
We build content architectures that signal category expertise.

**What We Build:**
- **Hub-and-Spoke Content:** A central "Pillar Page" linked to 20+ supporting articles.
- **Internal Linking Architecture:** Strategic link flow that concentrates authority.
- **Comparison Table Engineering:** Detailed Markdown tables comparing you to competitors.

---

## Key Metrics for AEO & GEO

| Metric | What It Measures | Why It Matters |
|--------|------------------|----------------|
| **Share of Model** | How often you appear in AI-generated answers. | Direct measure of AI visibility. |
| **Citation Frequency** | Number of times cited across AI platforms. | Indicates entity authority strength. |
| **Knowledge Panel Status** | Whether your Knowledge Panel is active and claimed. | Trust signal for AI and users. |
| **Featured Snippet Ownership** | % of target queries where you own the snippet. | Captures zero-click traffic. |

---

## The Information Gain Protocol

Research indicates that **Information Gain**—the provision of new, non-redundant information—is a critical ranking factor for Google and a selection criterion for LLMs.

**Our Approach:**
- **Original Research Studies:** We help you conduct and publish surveys, benchmarks, and proprietary data.
- **Technical Documentation:** Engineering logs, architectural decisions, and detailed how-tos.
- **First-Party Data:** Unique insights from your product usage that no competitor can replicate.

When an LLM searches for "2026 AI adoption stats," it will cite the **primary source**. We make you that source.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is answer engine optimization?
Answer Engine Optimization (AEO) is the process of optimizing content to be cited directly by AI-driven search engines like ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google's AI Overviews, focusing on direct answers and structured data.

### Is AEO replacing SEO?
No, AEO is an evolution of SEO. Traditional SEO (rankings, traffic) remains important for navigational queries, while AEO captures the growing volume of informational queries answered directly by AI.

### How do you optimize for AI search?
Optimization involves three pillars: Entity Authority (Knowledge Graph presence), Information Gain (proprietary data/insights), and Technical Machine Readability (schema, llms.txt, semantic HTML).

---

---

[**Request a GEO Audit →**](/contact/)
