website/solutions/aeo-geo/technical-seo.md, before:

---
title: Technical SEO for AI Crawlers | Marketing Boutique
description: Optimize your infrastructure for AI agents and LLM crawlers. llms.txt, JSON-LD, and Javascript rendering for the modern web.
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@type": "Service"
  serviceType: "Technical SEO"
  provider:
    "@type": "Organization"
    name: "Marketing Boutique"
  areaServed: "Worldwide"
---

# Technical SEO for AI

**Robots Read Code, Not Pixels.**

Your beautiful React website might be completely invisible to AI agents. Traditional technical SEO focused on load speed and mobile responsiveness. **Technical SEO for AI** focuses on crawlability, semantic structure, and machine-readability. We build the infrastructure that lets robots understand your business.

---

## The Problem: The "Black Box" Website

Modern web frameworks (React, Next.js, Vue) often serve empty HTML shells that require JavaScript to render. While Google can render JS, many AI scrapers and [**AEO**](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/) bots cannot.

| Common Mistake | Why It Fails |
|----------------|--------------|
| **Client-Side Rendering** | Bots see a blank page. If they can't see the text, they can't index it. |
| **Missing Schema** | Without structured data, your pricing, reviews, and events are just unstructured text strings. |
| **Bloated DOM** | Excessive code makes it expensive and slow for bots to parse your content. |

**The reality:** If your content isn't delivered in a clean, raw format, you are blocking the very AI agents trying to promote you.

---

## Our Technical Services

### 1. AI-First Infrastructure
We ensure your site is perfectly accessible to OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google crawlers.

**What We Build:**
- **Server-Side Rendering (SSR):** Ensuring complete HTML is delivered instantly to bots.
- **llms.txt Implementation:** A standardized file for giving AI agents a "menu" of your content.
- **Dynamic Sitemaps:** Real-time updating sitemaps that prioritize high-value pages.

### 2. Advanced Schema Architecture
We speak the native language of search engines: JSON-LD.

**What We Build:**
- **Service & Product Schema:** Marking up your offerings with price, currency, and availability.
- **Organization & Person Schema:** clearly defining your brand entity and leadership team.
- **Breadcrumb & Navigation Schema:** Helping bots understand your site structure.

### 3. Core Web Vitals & Speed
Speed isn't just for users; it's for crawl budget. Slow sites get crawled less often.

**What We Build:**
- **Code Minification & Optimization:** Stripping unused CSS/JS to reduce payload.
- **Image Optimization:** Next-gen formats (WebP/AVIF) and lazy loading.
- **Caching Strategy:** Edge caching to deliver content in milliseconds globally.

---

## Key Metrics We Impact

| Metric | Definition | Why It Matters |
|--------|------------|----------------|
| **Crawl Depth** | How many pages deep bots are going into your site. | Ensures your long-tail content is found. |
| **Indexation Rate** | The percentage of your submitted pages that actually get indexed. | Waste reduction. |
| **Schema Validation** | Error-free structured data implementation. | Rich result eligibility. |
| **Time to First Byte (TTFB)** | Server response time. | Critical for both user experience and crawl efficiency. |

---

## Benchmarks for AI Startups

Based on our technical audits:

| Metric | Healthy Benchmark |
|--------|-------------------|
| **Lighthouse Performance** | >90/100 |
| **Indexation Ratio** | >95% of sitemap URLs indexed |
| **Schema Errors** | 0 Critical Errors |

Technical debt is an SEO silent killer. We fix it at the root.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Do I really need an llms.txt file?
Yes. It is becoming the standard for how AI agents discover and consume content. It's a low-effort, high-reward signal that you are "AI-ready."

### Does this replace my current developer team?
No, we work *with* your developers. We provide the specifications, code snippets, and acceptance criteria. We are the architects; your team can be the builders, or we can implement it directly.

### How often should we audit technical SEO?
For active sites, we recommend a quarterly deep dive. For sites shipping code daily, automated monitoring should be continuous.

---

[**Run a Technical Audit →**](/contact/)

Commit message:

feat: update titles, descriptions, keywords, and schema across various solution pages for improved SEO and clarity.

website/solutions/aeo-geo/technical-seo.md, after:

---
title: Technical SEO for AI & LLM Optimization | Marketing Boutique
description: Advanced technical SEO for AI search engines. We optimize infrastructure for AI agents, including llms.txt, JSON-LD, and crawlability audits.
keywords: [generative ai for technical seo, ai for technical seo audits, technical seo for ai search engines, optimize technical seo for ai crawlability]
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@type": "Service"
  serviceType: "Technical SEO for AI"
  provider:
    "@type": "Organization"
    name: "Marketing Boutique"
  areaServed: "Worldwide"
---

# Technical SEO for AI Crawlers

**Robots Read Code, Not Pixels.**

Your beautiful React website might be completely invisible to AI agents. Traditional technical SEO focused on load speed and mobile responsiveness. **Technical SEO for AI** focuses on crawlability, semantic structure, and machine-readability. We build the infrastructure that lets robots understand your business.

---

## The Problem: The "Black Box" Website

Modern web frameworks (React, Next.js, Vue) often serve empty HTML shells that require JavaScript to render. While Google can render JS, many AI scrapers and [**AEO**](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/) bots cannot.

| Common Mistake | Why It Fails |
|----------------|--------------|
| **Client-Side Rendering** | Bots see a blank page. If they can't see the text, they can't index it. |
| **Missing Schema** | Without structured data, your pricing, reviews, and events are just unstructured text strings. |
| **Bloated DOM** | Excessive code makes it expensive and slow for bots to parse your content. |

**The reality:** If your content isn't delivered in a clean, raw format, you are blocking the very AI agents trying to promote you.

---

## Our Technical Services

### 1. AI-First Infrastructure
We ensure your site is perfectly accessible to OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google crawlers.

**What We Build:**
- **Server-Side Rendering (SSR):** Ensuring complete HTML is delivered instantly to bots.
- **llms.txt Implementation:** A standardized file for giving AI agents a "menu" of your content.
- **Dynamic Sitemaps:** Real-time updating sitemaps that prioritize high-value pages.

### 2. Advanced Schema Architecture
We speak the native language of search engines: JSON-LD.

**What We Build:**
- **Service & Product Schema:** Marking up your offerings with price, currency, and availability.
- **Organization & Person Schema:** clearly defining your brand entity and leadership team.
- **Breadcrumb & Navigation Schema:** Helping bots understand your site structure.

### 3. Core Web Vitals & Speed
Speed isn't just for users; it's for crawl budget. Slow sites get crawled less often.

**What We Build:**
- **Code Minification & Optimization:** Stripping unused CSS/JS to reduce payload.
- **Image Optimization:** Next-gen formats (WebP/AVIF) and lazy loading.
- **Caching Strategy:** Edge caching to deliver content in milliseconds globally.

---

## Key Metrics We Impact

| Metric | Definition | Why It Matters |
|--------|------------|----------------|
| **Crawl Depth** | How many pages deep bots are going into your site. | Ensures your long-tail content is found. |
| **Indexation Rate** | The percentage of your submitted pages that actually get indexed. | Waste reduction. |
| **Schema Validation** | Error-free structured data implementation. | Rich result eligibility. |
| **Time to First Byte (TTFB)** | Server response time. | Critical for both user experience and crawl efficiency. |

---

## Benchmarks for AI Startups

Based on our technical audits:

| Metric | Healthy Benchmark |
|--------|-------------------|
| **Lighthouse Performance** | >90/100 |
| **Indexation Ratio** | >95% of sitemap URLs indexed |
| **Schema Errors** | 0 Critical Errors |

Technical debt is an SEO silent killer. We fix it at the root.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Do I really need an llms.txt file?
Yes. It is becoming the standard for how AI agents discover and consume content. It's a low-effort, high-reward signal that you are "AI-ready."

### Does this replace my current developer team?
No, we work *with* your developers. We provide the specifications, code snippets, and acceptance criteria. We are the architects; your team can be the builders, or we can implement it directly.

### How often should we audit technical SEO?
For active sites, we recommend a quarterly deep dive. For sites shipping code daily, automated monitoring should be continuous.

---

[**Run a Technical Audit →**](/contact/)
