website/solutions/prove-roi/index.md, before:

---
title: Prove ROI to Investors | Attribution & Analytics | Marketing Boutique
description: Build investor-grade marketing attribution. Demonstrate CAC efficiency, LTV payback, and pipeline contribution to secure your next round.
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      serviceType: "Marketing Attribution"
      name: "Prove ROI to Investors"
      provider:
        "@type": "Organization"
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      areaServed: "Worldwide"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What tools do you work with?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We work with most common analytics and CRM stacks: HubSpot, Salesforce, Segment, Mixpanel, Amplitude, Google Analytics, and data warehouses like BigQuery or Snowflake."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "We're pre-Series A. Is this relevant?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Yes—especially if you're raising soon. Investors increasingly expect data sophistication even from early-stage companies."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "How long does implementation take?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Basic attribution setup: 2-4 weeks. Full multi-touch attribution with dashboards: 6-8 weeks."
---

# Prove ROI to Investors

**Your Board Doesn't Care About Impressions.**

Investors don't wake up thinking about your CPM or email open rates. They care about **CAC, LTV, payback period, and marketing's contribution to pipeline**. If you can't prove—with data—that your marketing spend generates efficient revenue, you're going to have uncomfortable board meetings.

Marketing Boutique builds the attribution infrastructure that translates marketing activity into investor-grade metrics.

---

## The Attribution Problem for Startups

Most startups suffer from one of two attribution failures:

| Failure Mode | Symptom | Consequence |
|--------------|---------|-------------|
| **Under-Attribution** | Marketing claims no credit; all wins go to sales | Marketing budget gets cut; team morale drops |
| **Over-Attribution** | Every channel claims full credit | Inflated expectations; wasted spend on ineffective channels |

**The reality:** B2B buying journeys are complex. A single deal might involve 10+ touchpoints across 6 months. Without proper infrastructure, you're guessing.

---

## Our ROI Proof Services

### 1. Attribution Model Design
We implement the right attribution framework for your sales cycle.

**Model Options:**
- **First-Touch:** Who originated the lead? (Top of funnel)
- **Last-Touch:** What closed the deal? (Bottom of funnel)
- **Multi-Touch:** Weighted credit across the journey (Realistic)
- **W-Shaped:** First, lead creation, and opportunity creation touches weighted (B2B best practice)

### 2. Data Infrastructure
Attribution requires clean, connected data.

**What We Build:**
- **UTM Hygiene:** Standardized tracking parameters across all campaigns.
- **CRM-to-Analytics Connection:** HubSpot/Salesforce data flowing to your analytics tool.
- **Deal Stage Mapping:** Clear definitions of what constitutes an MQL, SQL, and Opportunity.

### 3. Dashboard Development
Investors want to see data, not spreadsheets.

**What We Build:**
- **Executive Dashboard:** CAC by channel, LTV/CAC ratio, payback period.
- **Marketing Contribution Report:** Pipeline and revenue influenced by marketing.
- **Cohort Analysis Views:** How CAC and retention evolve over time.

### 4. Board Deck Support
We help you tell the story your investors need to hear.

**What We Deliver:**
- **Quarterly Marketing Performance Summary:** One-pagers with key metrics.
- **CAC Trend Analysis:** Demonstrating efficiency gains.
- **Pipeline Forecast Models:** Data-driven predictions for next quarter.

---

## Key Metrics We Help You Track

| Metric | Definition | Why Investors Care |
|--------|------------|-------------------|
| **Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC)** | Total marketing + sales cost / new customers | Efficiency of growth engine |
| **LTV/CAC Ratio** | Customer lifetime value / CAC | Unit economics health |
| **CAC Payback Period** | Months to recover CAC from gross margin | Cash flow efficiency |
| **Marketing Sourced Pipeline** | Pipeline from marketing-originated leads | Marketing's revenue contribution |
| **Marketing Influenced Revenue** | Revenue where marketing touched the deal | Broader impact measurement |

---

## Benchmarks for AI Startups

Based on our work with Series A and Series B AI companies:

| Metric | Healthy Benchmark |
|--------|-------------------|
| **LTV/CAC Ratio** | >3x |
| **CAC Payback** | <12 months |
| **Marketing Sourced %** | 30-50% of pipeline |
| **Win Rate** | >20% |

If you're below these benchmarks, we identify why and build the infrastructure to improve.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What tools do you work with?
We work with most common analytics and CRM stacks: HubSpot, Salesforce, Segment, Mixpanel, Amplitude, Google Analytics, and data warehouses like BigQuery or Snowflake.

### We're pre-Series A. Is this relevant?
Yes—especially if you're raising soon. Investors increasingly expect data sophistication even from early-stage companies. Basic attribution infrastructure costs less than one bad hire.

### How long does implementation take?
Basic attribution setup: 2-4 weeks. Full multi-touch attribution with dashboards: 6-8 weeks.

---

[**Build Your Attribution Stack →**](/contact/)

Commit message:

feat: Add related content and navigation sections to multiple website pages.

website/solutions/prove-roi/index.md, after:

---
title: Prove ROI to Investors | Attribution & Analytics | Marketing Boutique
description: Build investor-grade marketing attribution. Demonstrate CAC efficiency, LTV payback, and pipeline contribution to secure your next round.
layout: solution
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      serviceType: "Marketing Attribution"
      name: "Prove ROI to Investors"
      provider:
        "@type": "Organization"
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      areaServed: "Worldwide"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What tools do you work with?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We work with most common analytics and CRM stacks: HubSpot, Salesforce, Segment, Mixpanel, Amplitude, Google Analytics, and data warehouses like BigQuery or Snowflake."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "We're pre-Series A. Is this relevant?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Yes—especially if you're raising soon. Investors increasingly expect data sophistication even from early-stage companies."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "How long does implementation take?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "Basic attribution setup: 2-4 weeks. Full multi-touch attribution with dashboards: 6-8 weeks."
---

# Prove ROI to Investors

**Your Board Doesn't Care About Impressions.**

Investors don't wake up thinking about your CPM or email open rates. They care about **CAC, LTV, payback period, and marketing's contribution to pipeline**. If you can't prove—with data—that your marketing spend generates efficient revenue, you're going to have uncomfortable board meetings.

Marketing Boutique builds the attribution infrastructure that translates marketing activity into investor-grade metrics.

---

## The Attribution Problem for Startups

Most startups suffer from one of two attribution failures:

| Failure Mode | Symptom | Consequence |
|--------------|---------|-------------|
| **Under-Attribution** | Marketing claims no credit; all wins go to sales | Marketing budget gets cut; team morale drops |
| **Over-Attribution** | Every channel claims full credit | Inflated expectations; wasted spend on ineffective channels |

**The reality:** B2B buying journeys are complex. A single deal might involve 10+ touchpoints across 6 months. Without proper infrastructure, you're guessing.

---

## Our ROI Proof Services

### 1. Attribution Model Design
We implement the right attribution framework for your sales cycle.

**Model Options:**
- **First-Touch:** Who originated the lead? (Top of funnel)
- **Last-Touch:** What closed the deal? (Bottom of funnel)
- **Multi-Touch:** Weighted credit across the journey (Realistic)
- **W-Shaped:** First, lead creation, and opportunity creation touches weighted (B2B best practice)

### 2. Data Infrastructure
Attribution requires clean, connected data.

**What We Build:**
- **UTM Hygiene:** Standardized tracking parameters across all campaigns.
- **CRM-to-Analytics Connection:** HubSpot/Salesforce data flowing to your analytics tool.
- **Deal Stage Mapping:** Clear definitions of what constitutes an MQL, SQL, and Opportunity.

### 3. Dashboard Development
Investors want to see data, not spreadsheets.

**What We Build:**
- **Executive Dashboard:** CAC by channel, LTV/CAC ratio, payback period.
- **Marketing Contribution Report:** Pipeline and revenue influenced by marketing.
- **Cohort Analysis Views:** How CAC and retention evolve over time.

### 4. Board Deck Support
We help you tell the story your investors need to hear.

**What We Deliver:**
- **Quarterly Marketing Performance Summary:** One-pagers with key metrics.
- **CAC Trend Analysis:** Demonstrating efficiency gains.
- **Pipeline Forecast Models:** Data-driven predictions for next quarter.

---

## Key Metrics We Help You Track

| Metric | Definition | Why Investors Care |
|--------|------------|-------------------|
| **Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC)** | Total marketing + sales cost / new customers | Efficiency of growth engine |
| **LTV/CAC Ratio** | Customer lifetime value / CAC | Unit economics health |
| **CAC Payback Period** | Months to recover CAC from gross margin | Cash flow efficiency |
| **Marketing Sourced Pipeline** | Pipeline from marketing-originated leads | Marketing's revenue contribution |
| **Marketing Influenced Revenue** | Revenue where marketing touched the deal | Broader impact measurement |

---

## Benchmarks for AI Startups

Based on our work with [Series A](/solutions/series-a/) and Series B AI companies:

| Metric | Healthy Benchmark |
|--------|-------------------|
| **LTV/CAC Ratio** | >3x |
| **CAC Payback** | <12 months |
| **Marketing Sourced %** | 30-50% of pipeline |
| **Win Rate** | >20% |

If you're below these benchmarks, we identify why and build the infrastructure to improve.

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What tools do you work with?
We work with most common analytics and CRM stacks: HubSpot, Salesforce, Segment, Mixpanel, Amplitude, Google Analytics, and data warehouses like BigQuery or Snowflake.

### We're pre-Series A. Is this relevant?
Yes—especially if you're raising soon. Investors increasingly expect data sophistication even from early-stage companies. Basic attribution infrastructure costs less than one bad hire.

### How long does implementation take?
Basic attribution setup: 2-4 weeks. Full multi-touch attribution with dashboards: 6-8 weeks.

---

## Related Solutions

- [**Seed Stage**](/solutions/seed-stage/) — Building early GTM infrastructure
- [**Series A**](/solutions/series-a/) — Scaling with efficient unit economics
- [**View Pricing**](/pricing/) — ROI-focused packages

---

[**Build Your Attribution Stack →**](/contact/)
