website/results/index.md, before:

---
title: Results | Case Studies & Client Outcomes | Marketing Boutique
description: Real results from real AI startups—pipeline generated, CAC reduced, and AI visibility achieved. View our case studies.
layout: collection
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@type": "CollectionPage"
  name: "Case Studies"
  description: "Client outcomes and results from Marketing Boutique's GTM Engineering work"
  mainEntity:
    "@type": "ItemList"
    itemListElement:
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 1
        name: "AI Infrastructure Startup: From 0 to $2M Pipeline"
        description: "Series A AI infrastructure company achieved 94% email coverage and 5x meeting increase"
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 2
        name: "Developer Tools Company: 40% CAC Reduction"
        description: "Series B developer tools company reduced blended CAC from $850 to $510"
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 3
        name: "AI SaaS Platform: First Knowledge Panel"
        description: "AI SaaS platform achieved Google Knowledge Panel and 47 monthly Perplexity citations"
---

# Results

**Proof, Not Promises.**

We measure success in the metrics that matter to your board: pipeline generated, CAC reduced, revenue influenced. Below are examples of what we've built for AI-native startups.

---

## Featured Case Studies

### AI Infrastructure Startup: From 0 to $2M Pipeline in 6 Months

**Challenge:** Series A AI infrastructure company with no inbound demand and a 3-person sales team.

**What We Built:**
- Clay-powered enrichment waterfall achieving 94% email coverage
- Signal-based prospecting (GitHub activity, job postings)
- AI-personalized outbound sequences

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Monthly pipeline generated | $150K | $500K |
| Reply rate (cold outbound) | 2% | 12% |
| Meetings booked/month | 8 | 45 |
| Sales headcount needed | 3 | 3 (no additional hires) |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-ai-infrastructure)

---

### Developer Tools Company: 40% Reduction in CAC

**Challenge:** Series B developer tools company with rising acquisition costs and inefficient paid spend.

**What We Built:**
- Full-funnel attribution infrastructure (multi-touch)
- ABM retargeting integrated with CRM
- Funnel optimization across landing pages

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Blended CAC | $850 | $510 |
| Demo show rate | 55% | 78% |
| Trial-to-paid conversion | 12% | 19% |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-developer-tools)

---

### AI SaaS Platform: First Knowledge Panel in Category

**Challenge:** AI SaaS platform invisible in AI search—zero citations in ChatGPT or Perplexity.

**What We Built:**
- Wikidata entity establishment
- Citation engineering (strategic PR placement)
- Schema implementation across 200+ pages
- llms.txt implementation

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Google Knowledge Panel | ❌ | ✅ |
| Perplexity citations (monthly) | 0 | 47 |
| Organic traffic | 5,000 | 18,000 |
| Share of AI search (category) | 0% | 15% |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-ai-saas)

---

## Metrics We Impact

We track outcomes across four categories:

### Pipeline & Revenue
- Pipeline generated
- Revenue influenced
- Win rate improvement
- Sales cycle reduction

### Efficiency
- CAC reduction
- LTV/CAC ratio improvement
- Headcount avoidance
- Time savings

### Visibility
- AI search citations
- Knowledge Panel status
- Featured snippet ownership
- Organic traffic

### Infrastructure
- Automation workflows deployed
- Data coverage improvement
- Tool consolidation
- Process time reduction

---

## Work With Us

Want to become a case study?

[**Book a Strategy Call →**](/contact/)

Commit message:

feat: Add related content and navigation sections to multiple website pages.

website/results/index.md, after:

---
title: Results | Case Studies & Client Outcomes | Marketing Boutique
description: Real results from real AI startups—pipeline generated, CAC reduced, and AI visibility achieved. View our case studies.
layout: collection
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@type": "CollectionPage"
  name: "Case Studies"
  description: "Client outcomes and results from Marketing Boutique's GTM Engineering work"
  mainEntity:
    "@type": "ItemList"
    itemListElement:
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 1
        name: "AI Infrastructure Startup: From 0 to $2M Pipeline"
        description: "Series A AI infrastructure company achieved 94% email coverage and 5x meeting increase"
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 2
        name: "Developer Tools Company: 40% CAC Reduction"
        description: "Series B developer tools company reduced blended CAC from $850 to $510"
      - "@type": "ListItem"
        position: 3
        name: "AI SaaS Platform: First Knowledge Panel"
        description: "AI SaaS platform achieved Google Knowledge Panel and 47 monthly Perplexity citations"
---

# Results

**Proof, Not Promises.**

We measure success in the metrics that matter to your board: pipeline generated, CAC reduced, revenue influenced. Below are examples of what we've built for AI-native startups.

---

## Featured Case Studies

### AI Infrastructure Startup: From 0 to $2M Pipeline in 6 Months

**Challenge:** Series A AI infrastructure company with no inbound demand and a 3-person sales team.

**What We Built:**
- Clay-powered enrichment waterfall achieving 94% email coverage
- Signal-based prospecting (GitHub activity, job postings)
- AI-personalized outbound sequences

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Monthly pipeline generated | $150K | $500K |
| Reply rate (cold outbound) | 2% | 12% |
| Meetings booked/month | 8 | 45 |
| Sales headcount needed | 3 | 3 (no additional hires) |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-ai-infrastructure)

---

### Developer Tools Company: 40% Reduction in CAC

**Challenge:** Series B developer tools company with rising acquisition costs and inefficient paid spend.

**What We Built:**
- Full-funnel attribution infrastructure (multi-touch)
- ABM retargeting integrated with CRM
- Funnel optimization across landing pages

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Blended CAC | $850 | $510 |
| Demo show rate | 55% | 78% |
| Trial-to-paid conversion | 12% | 19% |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-developer-tools)

---

### AI SaaS Platform: First Knowledge Panel in Category

**Challenge:** AI SaaS platform invisible in AI search—zero citations in ChatGPT or Perplexity.

**What We Built:**
- Wikidata entity establishment
- Citation engineering (strategic PR placement)
- Schema implementation across 200+ pages
- llms.txt implementation

**Results:**
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Google Knowledge Panel | ❌ | ✅ |
| Perplexity citations (monthly) | 0 | 47 |
| Organic traffic | 5,000 | 18,000 |
| Share of AI search (category) | 0% | 15% |

[Read Full Case Study →](#case-ai-saas)

---

## Metrics We Impact

We track outcomes across four categories:

### Pipeline & Revenue
- Pipeline generated
- Revenue influenced
- Win rate improvement
- Sales cycle reduction

### Efficiency
- CAC reduction
- LTV/CAC ratio improvement
- Headcount avoidance
- Time savings

### Visibility
- AI search citations
- Knowledge Panel status
- Featured snippet ownership
- Organic traffic

### Infrastructure
- Automation workflows deployed
- Data coverage improvement
- Tool consolidation
- Process time reduction

---

## Related Pages

- [**Our Solutions**](/solutions/) — Explore what we can build for you
- [**Pricing**](/pricing/) — Transparent, outcome-based packages
- [**About Us**](/about/) — Meet the GTM Engineering team

---

## Work With Us

Want to become a case study?

[**Book a Strategy Call →**](/contact/)
