website/solutions/seed-stage/index.md, before:

---
title: Seed Stage GTM Solutions | Finding Product-Market Fit | Marketing Boutique
description: GTM engineering and growth infrastructure for pre-Series A startups. Validate PMF and acquire your first 100 customers efficiently.
layout: solution-stage
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      serviceType: "Seed Stage GTM Engineering"
      name: "Seed Stage GTM Solutions"
      provider:
        "@type": "Organization"
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      audience:
        "@type": "Audience"
        audienceType: "Pre-Series A AI Startups"
      areaServed: "Worldwide"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "Is this too early for us?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "If you have a functional product and at least one paying customer (or active pilot), you are ready. If you are still building, focus on product first."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "We can't afford a marketing agency."
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We're not a traditional agency. Our Seed packages are designed for pre-Series A budgets. The infrastructure we build reduces your need to hire a full-time marketer prematurely."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What's the first step?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We start with a 60-minute Discovery Call to understand your product, market, and current GTM stack. From there, we propose a targeted scope."
---

# Seed Stage: The Builder

**Finding Product-Market Fit. Acquiring Your First 100 Customers.**

At the Seed stage, your priority is not scale—it is **validation**. You need to prove that a repeatable, defensible market exists for your product. This is not the time for broad campaigns; it is the time for surgical, high-signal experimentation.

Marketing Boutique helps Seed-stage AI startups build the foundational GTM infrastructure that generates the data you need to prove PMF and close your Series A.

---

## The Seed Stage Challenge

Seed-stage startups face a unique set of constraints:
- **Limited runway:** Every dollar must generate learning or revenue.
- **No brand authority:** You cannot rely on inbound demand.
- **Unproven ICP:** Your ideal customer profile is a hypothesis, not a fact.

Traditional marketing agencies will burn your capital on "brand awareness" campaigns. We build **lean, automated systems** that generate high-quality signals.

---

## Our Seed Stage Solutions

### 1. Founder-Led Sales Infrastructure
Before you can hire a sales team, the founder must close deals. We build the infrastructure to make this efficient.

**What We Build:**
- **Targeted Outbound Sequences:** Using [**Clay enrichment**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/outbound/) and AI-personalized email drafts.
- **CRM Architecture:** A lightweight [**HubSpot**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/sales-automation/) or Attio setup designed for founder-led velocity.
- **Meeting Scheduler Automation:** Calendly + Slack triggers for instant team notification.

### 2. ICP Validation Engine
Your initial assumptions about your Ideal Customer Profile are wrong. We build systems to rapidly test and refine.

**What We Build:**
- **Signal-Based Prospecting:** Monitoring for "buying signals" (e.g., new funding rounds, specific job postings, tech stack changes).
- **Cohort Analysis Pipelines:** Tracking which segments convert and retain.
- **Feedback Loops:** Automated systems that capture sales call notes and synthesize patterns.

### 3. Minimum Viable Authority (MVA)
You need enough online presence for prospects to trust you. We create the essentials without over-investing.

**What We Build:**
- **Foundational Schema Markup:** Organization schema, social proof integration.
- **Core "About" and "How It Works" Pages:** Concise, conversion-focused copy.
- **LinkedIn Thought Leadership Setup:** Profile optimization and an initial content calendar for the founder.

---

## Key Metrics for Seed Stage

| Metric | Why It Matters |
|--------|----------------|
| **Reply Rate (Outbound)** | Validates messaging and ICP resonance. |
| **Demo-to-Pilot Conversion** | Measures product-market pull. |
| **Qualitative Feedback Themes** | Identifies "must-have" vs. "nice-to-have" features. |
| **Time to First Revenue** | Proves commercial viability to investors. |

---

## Pricing: Seed Stage Packages

We offer flexible engagement models for capital-constrained startups.

| Package | Description | Investment |
|---------|-------------|------------|
| **GTM Launchpad** | One-time setup of CRM, outbound sequences, and basic schema. | Project-based |
| **Founder Support Retainer** | Ongoing optimization of outbound and ICP refinement. 10 hours/month. | Monthly Retainer |

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Is this too early for us?
If you have a functional product and at least one paying customer (or active pilot), you are ready. If you are still building, focus on product first.

### We can't afford a marketing agency.
We're not a traditional agency. Our Seed packages are designed for pre-Series A budgets. The infrastructure we build reduces your need to hire a full-time marketer prematurely.

### What's the first step?
We start with a **60-minute Discovery Call** to understand your product, market, and current GTM stack. From there, we propose a targeted scope.

---

[**Book a Discovery Call →**](/contact/)

Commit message:

feat: update titles, descriptions, keywords, and schema across various solution pages for improved SEO and clarity.

website/solutions/seed-stage/index.md, after:

---
title: Seed Stage Marketing Agency | GTM for Startups | Marketing Boutique
description: The specialized Seed Stage Marketing Agency for AI startups. We help you validate PMF and acquire your first 100 customers.
keywords: [marketing for seed startups, seed stage marketing agency, startup marketing strategy, go to market strategy for startups]
layout: solution-stage
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Service"
      serviceType: "Seed Stage GTM Engineering"
      name: "Seed Stage Marketing Services"
      provider:
        "@type": "Organization"
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
        name: "Marketing Boutique"
      audience:
        "@type": "Audience"
        audienceType: "Pre-Series A AI Startups"
      areaServed: "Worldwide"
    - "@type": "FAQPage"
      mainEntity:
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "Is this too early for us?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "If you have a functional product and at least one paying customer (or active pilot), you are ready. If you are still building, focus on product first."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "We can't afford a marketing agency."
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We're not a traditional agency. Our Seed packages are designed for pre-Series A budgets. The infrastructure we build reduces your need to hire a full-time marketer prematurely."
        - "@type": "Question"
          name: "What's the first step?"
          acceptedAnswer:
            "@type": "Answer"
            text: "We start with a 60-minute Discovery Call to understand your product, market, and current GTM stack. From there, we propose a targeted scope."
---

# Seed Stage: The Builder

**Finding Product-Market Fit. Acquiring Your First 100 Customers.**

At the Seed stage, your priority is not scale—it is **validation**. You need to prove that a repeatable, defensible market exists for your product. This is not the time for broad campaigns; it is the time for surgical, high-signal experimentation.

Marketing Boutique helps Seed-stage AI startups build the foundational GTM infrastructure that generates the data you need to prove PMF and close your Series A.

---

## The Seed Stage Challenge

Seed-stage startups face a unique set of constraints:
- **Limited runway:** Every dollar must generate learning or revenue.
- **No brand authority:** You cannot rely on inbound demand.
- **Unproven ICP:** Your ideal customer profile is a hypothesis, not a fact.

Traditional marketing agencies will burn your capital on "brand awareness" campaigns. We build **lean, automated systems** that generate high-quality signals.

---

## Our Seed Stage Solutions

### 1. Founder-Led Sales Infrastructure
Before you can hire a sales team, the founder must close deals. We build the infrastructure to make this efficient.

**What We Build:**
- **Targeted Outbound Sequences:** Using [**Clay enrichment**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/outbound/) and AI-personalized email drafts.
- **CRM Architecture:** A lightweight [**HubSpot**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/sales-automation/) or Attio setup designed for founder-led velocity.
- **Meeting Scheduler Automation:** Calendly + Slack triggers for instant team notification.

### 2. ICP Validation Engine
Your initial assumptions about your Ideal Customer Profile are wrong. We build systems to rapidly test and refine.

**What We Build:**
- **Signal-Based Prospecting:** Monitoring for "buying signals" (e.g., new funding rounds, specific job postings, tech stack changes).
- **Cohort Analysis Pipelines:** Tracking which segments convert and retain.
- **Feedback Loops:** Automated systems that capture sales call notes and synthesize patterns.

### 3. Minimum Viable Authority (MVA)
You need enough online presence for prospects to trust you. We create the essentials without over-investing.

**What We Build:**
- **Foundational Schema Markup:** Organization schema, social proof integration.
- **Core "About" and "How It Works" Pages:** Concise, conversion-focused copy.
- **LinkedIn Thought Leadership Setup:** Profile optimization and an initial content calendar for the founder.

---

## Key Metrics for Seed Stage

| Metric | Why It Matters |
|--------|----------------|
| **Reply Rate (Outbound)** | Validates messaging and ICP resonance. |
| **Demo-to-Pilot Conversion** | Measures product-market pull. |
| **Qualitative Feedback Themes** | Identifies "must-have" vs. "nice-to-have" features. |
| **Time to First Revenue** | Proves commercial viability to investors. |

---

## Pricing: Seed Stage Packages

We offer flexible engagement models for capital-constrained startups.

| Package | Description | Investment |
|---------|-------------|------------|
| **GTM Launchpad** | One-time setup of CRM, outbound sequences, and basic schema. | Project-based |
| **Founder Support Retainer** | Ongoing optimization of outbound and ICP refinement. 10 hours/month. | Monthly Retainer |

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Is this too early for us?
If you have a functional product and at least one paying customer (or active pilot), you are ready. If you are still building, focus on product first.

### We can't afford a marketing agency.
We're not a traditional agency. Our Seed packages are designed for pre-Series A budgets. The infrastructure we build reduces your need to hire a full-time marketer prematurely.

### What's the first step?
We start with a **60-minute Discovery Call** to understand your product, market, and current GTM stack. From there, we propose a targeted scope.

---

[**Book a Discovery Call →**](/contact/)
