website/index.md, before:

---
title: Marketing Boutique | GTM Engineering for AI-Native Startups
description: We engineer revenue infrastructure for AI-native B2B startups. From Seed to Series A, we build the GTM systems that scale—not campaigns.
layout: homepage
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Organization"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
      name: "Marketing Boutique"
      alternateName: "MB"
      url: "https://marketing-boutique.com"
      logo:
        "@type": "ImageObject"
        url: "https://marketing-boutique.com/logo.png"
        width: 600
        height: 60
      description: "GTM Engineering and B2B growth agency specializing in outbound automation, ABM campaigns, and AI search optimization for B2B SaaS startups."
      foundingDate: "2026"
      founder:
        "@type": "Person"
        name: "Fenil Parekh"
      address:
        "@type": "PostalAddress"
        streetAddress: ""
        addressLocality: "San Francisco"
        addressRegion: "CA"
        postalCode: ""
        addressCountry: "US"
      contactPoint:
        "@type": "ContactPoint"
        contactType: "sales"
        email: "hello@marketing-boutique.com"
        url: "https://marketing-boutique.com/contact"
      sameAs:
        - "https://www.linkedin.com/company/marketing-boutique"
        - "https://twitter.com/marketingboutiq"
      knowsAbout:
        - "GTM Engineering"
        - "Go-to-Market Strategy"
        - "Account-Based Marketing"
        - "Demand Generation"
        - "B2B SaaS Marketing"
        - "Answer Engine Optimization"
        - "AI Search Optimization"
        - "LinkedIn Advertising"
        - "Outbound Sales Automation"
    - "@type": "WebSite"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#website"
      url: "https://marketing-boutique.com"
      name: "Marketing Boutique"
      publisher:
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
      potentialAction:
        "@type": "SearchAction"
        target: "https://marketing-boutique.com/search?q={search_term_string}"
        "query-input": "required name=search_term_string"
---

# We Engineer Revenue for AI-Native Startups

**Marketing Boutique** is not a marketing agency. We are **GTM Engineers**. We design and build the automated revenue infrastructure that allows AI-native B2B companies to scale from Seed to Series A and beyond.

The era of "campaigns" is over. In 2026, growth is about **architecture**—data pipelines, API integrations, and algorithmic authority. If your marketing stack requires manual labor to function, you are already behind.

---

## The Generative Authority Framework (GAF)

Our proprietary methodology ensures your brand is not just visible on Google, but **cited by AI**. When a buyer asks ChatGPT, Perplexity, or SearchGPT for a solution, you need to be the answer.

### Pillar 1: Entity-First Architecture
We establish your company as a **Knowledge Graph entity**. Through Wikidata entries, Knowledge Panels, and semantic markup, we train AI models to recognize your brand as a distinct, authoritative concept.

### Pillar 2: The Information Gain Protocol
AI models prioritize **novel information**. We pivot your content from opinion to proprietary data—original research, technical whitepapers, and engineering documentation that LLMs are trained to cite.

### Pillar 3: Technical Machine Readability
Your website must be optimized for the **non-human user**. We implement `llms.txt`, semantic HTML, and Markdown-first formatting to ensure AI crawlers can efficiently parse and retrieve your content.

### Pillar 4: The Trust Layer (E-E-A-T)
In an era of AI-generated noise, **trust is the filter**. We establish radical transparency through authorship attribution, AI disclosure statements, and a strategy for referential authority (citations from .edu and industry bodies).

---

## Who We Serve

We specialize in **AI-native B2B startups** navigating the journey from Product-Market Fit to scalable revenue.

| Stage | What You Need | How We Help |
|-------|---------------|-------------|
| **Seed** | Find PMF & First 100 Customers | GTM Stack Setup, ICP Validation, Initial Outbound |
| **Series A** | Systemize & Reduce CAC | Automated Enrichment, GTM Infrastructure, AEO/GEO |
| **Enterprise** | Dominate Category | Multi-Product GTM, Global SEO, ABM Orchestration |

---

## Core Capabilities

### [GTM Engineering](/solutions/gtm-engineering/)
The operational backbone of modern growth. We build automated pipelines using [**Clay**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/outbound/), [**n8n**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/tech-stack/), and **Supabase** to enrich leads, score intent, and trigger personalized outreach at scale.

### [AEO & GEO](/solutions/aeo-geo/)
Future-proof your discovery. We optimize your digital presence to be cited by Answer Engines—from schema implementation to citation engineering.



### [Product Content Marketing](/solutions/product-content-marketing/)
Content that drives adoption, not just views. We build **product-led content** and programmatic SEO systems that scale.

---

## The Agency for the "Supernova" Startup

Bessemer Venture Partners defines "Supernova" companies as those with explosively scaling ARR. These companies cannot afford "shelfware" marketing. They require a partner who speaks the language of APIs, webhooks, and latency.

**That's us.**

We view marketing as a system to be optimized, not a creative endeavor. Our team is composed of engineers, data scientists, and GTM specialists—not just marketers.

---

## Ready to Engineer Your Growth?

We start every engagement with a **Deep Audit**—a standalone product that assesses your GTM stack, GEO visibility, and revenue architecture.

[**Book a Strategy Call →**](/contact/)

---

## Explore More

| Learn More | Resources |
|------------|-----------|
| [**About Us**](/about/) — Meet the GTM Engineering team | [**Results**](/results/) — Case studies & outcomes |
| [**Pricing**](/pricing/) — Transparent, outcome-based pricing | [**Blog**](/blog/) — Research, playbooks & tools |

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is GTM Engineering?
GTM Engineering is the discipline of designing and automating the technical infrastructure that drives revenue. It replaces manual SDR labor with API-driven automation, using tools like Clay, n8n, and HubSpot to build programmatic prospecting pipelines.

### What is AEO and GEO?
[**Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)**](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/) focuses on structuring content to provide direct answers for AI search. [**Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)**](/solutions/aeo-geo/ai-search/) is about ensuring your brand is cited by Large Language Models like ChatGPT and Perplexity when they synthesize answers.

### Who is your ideal client?
Post-PMF AI startups (Seed to Series B) who view marketing as a technical system, not a creative expense. Our clients are typically engineering-led and have a usage-based or consumption-based pricing model.

### How do you price your services?
We offer three models: a **Growth Ops Retainer** (flat monthly fee), a **Performance/Usage** model (base + variable per qualified meeting), and **Infrastructure Projects** (one-time fee for building specific GTM systems).

Commit message:

feat: Update homepage title, description, and content to reflect new branding as "GTM Engineering & AI SEO Agency" and highlight "Revenue Architecture" and "Fractional CMO" roles.

website/index.md, after:

---
title: Marketing Boutique | GTM Engineering & AI SEO Agency
description: The GTM Engineering & AI SEO Agency for B2B Startups. Specializing in Fractional CMO strategy, Revenue Architecture, and Outbound Automation.
layout: homepage
schema:
  "@context": "https://schema.org"
  "@graph":
    - "@type": "Organization"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
      name: "Marketing Boutique"
      alternateName: "MB"
      url: "https://marketing-boutique.com"
      logo:
        "@type": "ImageObject"
        url: "https://marketing-boutique.com/logo.png"
        width: 600
        height: 60
      description: "GTM Engineering and B2B growth agency specializing in outbound automation, ABM campaigns, and AI search optimization for B2B SaaS startups."
      foundingDate: "2026"
      founder:
        "@type": "Person"
        name: "Fenil Parekh"
      address:
        "@type": "PostalAddress"
        streetAddress: ""
        addressLocality: "San Francisco"
        addressRegion: "CA"
        postalCode: ""
        addressCountry: "US"
      contactPoint:
        "@type": "ContactPoint"
        contactType: "sales"
        email: "hello@marketing-boutique.com"
        url: "https://marketing-boutique.com/contact"
      sameAs:
        - "https://www.linkedin.com/company/marketing-boutique"
        - "https://twitter.com/marketingboutiq"
      knowsAbout:
        - "GTM Engineering"
        - "Go-to-Market Strategy"
        - "Account-Based Marketing"
        - "Demand Generation"
        - "B2B SaaS Marketing"
        - "Answer Engine Optimization"
        - "AI Search Optimization"
        - "LinkedIn Advertising"
        - "Outbound Sales Automation"
    - "@type": "WebSite"
      "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#website"
      url: "https://marketing-boutique.com"
      name: "Marketing Boutique"
      publisher:
        "@id": "https://marketing-boutique.com/#organization"
      potentialAction:
        "@type": "SearchAction"
        target: "https://marketing-boutique.com/search?q={search_term_string}"
        "query-input": "required name=search_term_string"
---

# The GTM Engineering & AI SEO Agency for B2B Startups

**Marketing Boutique** is not a traditional marketing agency. We are **GTM Engineers**. We design and build the **Revenue Architecture** that allows AI-native B2B companies to scale from Seed to Series A and beyond.

The era of "campaigns" is over. In 2026, growth is about **architecture**—data pipelines, API integrations, and algorithmic authority. If your marketing stack requires manual labor to function, you are already behind.

---

## The Generative Authority Framework (GAF)

Our proprietary methodology ensures your brand is not just visible on Google, but **cited by AI**. When a buyer asks ChatGPT, Perplexity, or SearchGPT for a solution, you need to be the answer.

### Pillar 1: Entity-First Architecture
We establish your company as a **Knowledge Graph entity**. Through Wikidata entries, Knowledge Panels, and semantic markup, we train AI models to recognize your brand as a distinct, authoritative concept.

### Pillar 2: The Information Gain Protocol
AI models prioritize **novel information**. We pivot your content from opinion to proprietary data—original research, technical whitepapers, and engineering documentation that LLMs are trained to cite.

### Pillar 3: Technical Machine Readability
Your website must be optimized for the **non-human user**. We implement `llms.txt`, semantic HTML, and Markdown-first formatting to ensure AI crawlers can efficiently parse and retrieve your content.

### Pillar 4: The Trust Layer (E-E-A-T)
In an era of AI-generated noise, **trust is the filter**. We establish radical transparency through authorship attribution, AI disclosure statements, and a strategy for referential authority (citations from .edu and industry bodies).

---

## Who We Serve

We specialize in **AI-native B2B startups** navigating the journey from Product-Market Fit to scalable revenue.

| Stage | What You Need | How We Help |
|-------|---------------|-------------|
| **Seed** | Find PMF & First 100 Customers | GTM Stack Setup, ICP Validation, Initial Outbound |
| **Series A** | Systemize & Reduce CAC | Automated Enrichment, GTM Infrastructure, AEO/GEO |
| **Enterprise** | Dominate Category | Multi-Product GTM, Global SEO, ABM Orchestration |

---

## Core Capabilities

### [GTM Engineering](/solutions/gtm-engineering/)
The operational backbone of modern growth. We build automated pipelines using [**Clay**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/outbound/), [**n8n**](/solutions/gtm-engineering/tech-stack/), and **Supabase** to enrich leads, score intent, and trigger personalized outreach at scale.

### [AEO & GEO](/solutions/aeo-geo/)
Future-proof your discovery. We optimize your digital presence to be cited by Answer Engines—from schema implementation to citation engineering.



### [Product Content Marketing](/solutions/product-content-marketing/)
Content that drives adoption, not just views. We build **product-led content** and programmatic SEO systems that scale.

---

## The Agency for the "Supernova" Startup

Bessemer Venture Partners defines "Supernova" companies as those with explosively scaling ARR. These companies cannot afford "shelfware" marketing. They require a partner who speaks the language of APIs, webhooks, and latency.

**That's us.**

We view marketing as a system to be optimized, not a creative endeavor. Our team functions as your **Fractional CMO** and GTM engineering unit, composed of data scientists and systems architects—not just marketers.

---

## Ready to Engineer Your Growth?

We start every engagement with a **Deep Audit**—a standalone product that assesses your GTM stack, GEO visibility, and revenue architecture.

[**Book a Strategy Call →**](/contact/)

---

## Explore More

| Learn More | Resources |
|------------|-----------|
| [**About Us**](/about/) — Meet the GTM Engineering team | [**Results**](/results/) — Case studies & outcomes |
| [**Pricing**](/pricing/) — Transparent, outcome-based pricing | [**Blog**](/blog/) — Research, playbooks & tools |

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is GTM Engineering?
GTM Engineering is the discipline of designing and automating the technical infrastructure that drives revenue. It replaces manual SDR labor with API-driven automation, using tools like Clay, n8n, and HubSpot to build programmatic prospecting pipelines.

### What is AEO and GEO?
[**Answer Engine Optimization (AEO)**](/solutions/aeo-geo/aeo/) focuses on structuring content to provide direct answers for AI search. [**Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)**](/solutions/aeo-geo/ai-search/) is about ensuring your brand is cited by Large Language Models like ChatGPT and Perplexity when they synthesize answers.

### Who is your ideal client?
Post-PMF AI startups (Seed to Series B) who view marketing as a technical system, not a creative expense. Our clients are typically engineering-led and have a usage-based or consumption-based pricing model.

### How do you price your services?
We offer three models: a **Growth Ops Retainer** (flat monthly fee), a **Performance/Usage** model (base + variable per qualified meeting), and **Infrastructure Projects** (one-time fee for building specific GTM systems).
